You can't connect the dots looking forward.
You can only connect them looking backwards.
So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future.
You have to trust in something your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever ever.
Because believing that the dots will
connect down the road will give you the confidence to follow your heart even
when it leads you off the wellworn path and that will make all the difference.
Your time is limited so don't waste it living someone else's life.
Don't be trapped by dogma which is living
with the results of other people's thinking.
Don't let the noise of other opinions drown out your own inner voice.
You've got to find what you love
and that is as true for work as it is for your lovers.
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life and the only way to be truly
satisfied is to do what you believe is great work.
And the only way to do great work is to love what you do.
If you haven't found it yet, keep looking and don't settle.
Have the courage to follow your heart and intuition.
They somehow already know what you truly want to become.
But you're going to have some ups and you're going to have some downs.
Most people give up on themselves easily.
You know, the human spirit is powerful.
There's nothing as powerful.
It's hard to kill the human spirit.
Anybody can feel good when they have their
health, their bills are paid, they have happy relationships.
Anybody can be positive then anybody can have a larger vision,
then anybody can have faith under those kinds of circumstances.
The real challenge of growth mentally,
emotionally and spiritually comes when you get knocked down.
It takes courage to act part of being hungry.
When you've been defeated it takes courage to start over again.
Fear kills dreams, fear kills hope.
Fear put people in the hospital.
Fear can aid you, can hold you back from doing something
that you know within yourself that you are capable of doing but it will paralyse you.
At the end of your feelings is nothing
but at the end of every principle is a promise behind your love feelings.
It might not be absolutely nothing
at the end of your love feelings but behind every principle is a promise
and some of you in your life the reason why you're not at your goal right now
because you're just all about your feelings.
You're all on your feelings.
You don't feel like waking up so who does?
Every day you say no to your dreams you
might be pushing your dreams back a whole six months, a whole year.
That one single day that one day you
didn't get up could have pushed your stuff back I don't know how long.
Don't allow your emotions to control you.
We are emotional but you want to begin to discipline your emotions.
If you don't discipline and contain your emotions.
They will use you.
You want it and you're going to go all out to have it.
It's not going to be easy when you want to change, it's not easy.
If it were in fact easy, everybody would do it.
But if you're serious, you'll go all out.
I'm in control here.
I'm not going to let this get me down.
I'm not going to let this destroy me.
I'm coming back and I'll be stronger and better because of it.
You have got to make a declaration.
This is what you stand for.
You're standing up for your dreams.
You're standing up for peace of mind.
You're standing up for help.
Take full responsibility for your life.
Accept where you are
and the responsibility that you're going to take yourself where you want to go.
You can decide that I'm going to live each day as if it were my last.
Live your life with passion, with some drive.
Decide that you're going to push yourself.
The last chapter to your life has not been written yet.
And it doesn't matter about what happened yesterday.
It doesn't matter about what happens to you.
What matters is what are you going to do about it.
This year I will make this goal become a reality.
I won't talk about it anymore.
I can. I can.
I can.
The first of her, I think, is your important for everybody.
Don't give up. Don't give in.
There's always an answer to everything.